Interview questions
git
1.types of version controlling
2.difference between git clone and git fork
3.what is cherry pick command do
4.how to resolve merge conflict
5. what is branching strategy you follow in your company
6. what branching policies you have applied in your company

terraform
1. which all are blocks available in terraform
2. where do you store your state file
3 how you push your state file in azure blob
4. if resources are created and i re run the template then what will happen to existing resources
5. suppose you have create a resource from terraform and then you have applied few changes from portal and i resun the template then what will happen to changes i have made from portal manually
6. if i delete state file what will happen
7. how to import changes in state file
8. how can i deploy through ci/cd


ansible
1. what is ansible galaxy
2. ansible role file structure
3. what is handlers
4. what is notify
5. what is modules
6. how will you configure relation between master and node

jenkins
1. ci/cd pipeline explaination
2. syntax for cron job
3. where do you store your secrets
4. how you configure relation between master and node
5. what is ocean blue
6. how will you trigger repo if changes are made
7. differnce in items/projects available in jenkins
8. how will you take backup of jenkins plugins
9. how will you migrate jenkins pipelines

docker
1. how to write docker file
2. differnce in docker cmd and entrypoint
3. difference in docker file and docker compose
4. how will you login to docker container
5. what is docker network
6. what is persistent volumes
7. how will you check container ip
8. from where images get pulled by default
9. how will you push images to your repo


kubernets
1. how to delete application
2. what are kubernets services
3. what is ingress
4. how will you check logs in kubernets
5. what is kube config file
6. where have you configured kubernets
7. how you configured on premises
8. how will you take care of traffic and avilability





 
 
